_projects/diabetik.md, before:

---
layout: case-diabetik
title:  Diabetik
tagline: Elegant diabetes management at your fingertips.
lede: I worked together with Nial Giacomelli, a diabetic himself, on creating a delightful user experience for people who suffer from diabetes. The result is an app that's modern, intuitive and fun to use.
deliverables:
   - Branding
   - User interface design
   - Iconography
   - Web design

sections:
   design: This is the **end note** of the post.
---
To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/

Commit message:

Case study content
- Added content
- Tweaked layout
- Tweaked data file
- Tweaked profile
- Tweaked '.c-item'

_projects/diabetik.md, after:

---
layout: case-diabetik
title:  Diabetik
tagline: Elegant diabetes management at your fingertips.
lede: I worked together with Nial Giacomelli, a diabetic himself, on creating a delightful user experience for people who suffer from diabetes. The result is an app that's modern, intuitive and fun to use.
deliverables:
   - Branding
   - User interface design
   - Iconography
   - Web design

sections:
   design: This is the **end note** of the post.
---
"Can good design help save lives?". This is how Nial's post on Dribbble was titled. After watching the introduction video on [Kickstarter], I immediately started working on exploring some ideas.

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; margin: 5vh 0; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/59348097?color=ffffff&byline=0&portrait=0' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

Diabetik has been built to make managing all aspects of diabetes easier. From the ability to monitor medication habits to setting location based reminders to make sure you never forget your insulin. By using an innovative new technology called Smart Input, the application we've built looks at your medication usage and uses that information to determine which medicine you're mostly likely to be taking at any given point in time. By learning your habits, it's able to pre-populate fields that other applications make you type out by hand or select from menus - cutting the time needed to enter information from minutes to seconds.

It lets you monitor every aspect of your health, from tracking carbs and watching your diet to physical activities. It can even remind you to take your medication when you next leave the house.

As a result, Diabetik is loved by thousands of people and has been **featured in the App Store**.

[Kickstarter]: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nialg/the-diabetic-journal
