_projects/realo.md, before:

---
layout: case-realo
title:  Realo
tagline: Building a next generation real estate platform.
lede: Joining this startup as the first designer on the team, my job was to create a design system flexible enough to be used on a variety of platforms.
deliverables:
   - Branding
   - User interface design
   - Iconography
   - Web design

sections:
   design: This is the **end note** of the post.
---
You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/

Commit message:

Case study content
- Added content
- Tweaked layout
- Tweaked data file
- Tweaked profile
- Tweaked '.c-item'

_projects/realo.md, after:

---
layout: case-realo
title:  Realo
tagline: Building a next generation real estate platform.
lede: Joining this startup as the first designer on the team, my job was to create a design system flexible enough to be used on a variety of platforms.
deliverables:
   - Branding
   - User interface design
   - Iconography
   - Web design

sections:
   design: This is the **end note** of the post.
---
I joined Realo in the winter of 2014. As the only designer on the team, my job was to create a design system flexible enough to be used on a variety of platforms. This was a project with lots of challenges and pitfalls because of the sheer amount of screens and scenarios a user can find themselves in. Together with Bregt Colpaert, my Head of Product, I created a design that's universal in terms of design language while at the same time has a unique style.

Realo has been built with a mobile-first approach from the start. By using this approach, we make sure the site loads fast on mobile devices while still providing a complete package in terms of feature set. Nearly every feature on desktop is available on a smartphone, thanks to some clever design decisions. I worked very closely with our engineering (frontend and backend) teams to make sure the design is consistent and implemented well.

Over the course of almost a year, I learned a lot on how to work effectively in a multilingual team. Since I had a tight deadline every week, I had to manage my time and stay focused.

[www.realo.com]

[www.realo.com]: http://www.realo.com
